XSUP-66808 | doc alert aggregation (#43798)
demisto/content: Packs/PrismaCloudCompute/Integrations/PaloAltoNetworks_PrismaCloudCompute/README.md

When fetching an incident from the Prisma Cloud Compute platform, the platform will delete the fetched incident.
Therefore, it is recommended to configure only one instance per user to fetch incidents.

> Prisma Cloud Compute groups alerts that occur within a configured time window into a single aggregated alert before sending them to Cortex XSOAR/XSIAM. This may result in fewer incidents being created than the total number of individual alerts visible in the Prisma Cloud Compute console. The individual alerts are preserved in the `aggregatedAlerts` field of each incident. To receive each alert separately, reduce the Aggregation Period in your Prisma Cloud alert profile to the minimum value. If the 1-second option is not available, contact Prisma Cloud Support to enable `SAAS_ADDITIONAL_ALERT_AGGREGATION_OPTIONS_ENABLED` on your tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prisma Cloud Compute aggregates alerts occurring within a specific time window into a single alert before sending them to Cortex <~XSOAR>XSOAR</~XSOAR><~XSIAM>XSIAM</~XSIAM>. This may result in fewer <~XSOAR>incidents</~XSOAR><~XSIAM>issues</~XSIAM> created compared to the total number of alerts in the Prisma Cloud Compute console. Individual alert details are preserved in the `aggregatedAlerts` field. To receive alerts separately, set the **Aggregation Period** in your Prisma Cloud alert profile to the minimum value. If the 1-second option is unavailable, contact Prisma Cloud Support to enable the `SAAS_ADDITIONAL_ALERT_AGGREGATION_OPTIONS_ENABLED` feature flag.
```

Reviewer: recommend conditionalizing terms for XSIAM/XSOAR
